capital = 563

oob = "ACD_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}
#Roman's Army
recruit_character = ACD_roman_von_ungern_sternberg
recruit_character = ACD_alexander_kaigorondov
recruit_character = ACD_boris_rezukhin
recruit_character = ACD_ferdinand_ossendowski
recruit_character = ACD_grigori_semyonov
recruit_character = ACD_konstantin_nechaev
recruit_character = ACD_nikolay_kazagrandi
recruit_character = ACD_prince_buhogol
recruit_character = ACD_prince_tsogto
recruit_character = ACD_urzhin_garmaev
recruit_character = ACD_vladimir_kislitsin
recruit_character = ACD_grigory_dmitriy_semyenov
recruit_character = ACD_mikhail_tornovsky
#Diterikhs' Army
recruit_character = ACD_mikhail_diterikhs
recruit_character = ACD_alexey_grishin_almazov
recruit_character = ACD_anatoly_pepelyayev
recruit_character = ACD_gerorgy_stark
recruit_character = ACD_innokentiy_smolin
recruit_character = ACD_ivan_gamov
recruit_character = ACD_mikhail_khanzhin
recruit_character = ACD_nikolai_kolomeitsev
recruit_character = ACD_nikolai_skoblin

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1936.01.02
	}

	declare_war_on = {
		target = MON
		type = annex_everything
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1936.01.02
	}

	declare_war_on = {
		target = TAN
		type = annex_everything
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = autocracy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {

    autocracy = 100
}
