capital = 808

oob = "LAT_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "LAT_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "LAT_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "LAT_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "LAT_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	extensive_conscription
	BROTHERHOOD_anti_communist_veterans
	BROTHERHOOD_forest_guerillas
}

LAT = { set_cosmetic_tag = LAT_forest_brotherhood }

recruit_character = LAT_gustavs_celminsh
recruit_character = LAT_augusts_kirhensteins
recruit_character = LAT_martinsh_penikis
recruit_character = LAT_hermanis_buks
recruit_character = LAT_janis_berzins
recruit_character = LAT_ludvigs_bolsteins
recruit_character = LAT_teodors_zvejnieks
recruit_character = LAT_kornelijs_veidnieks
recruit_character = LAT_rudolfs_kandis
recruit_character = LAT_konstantins_cakste
recruit_character = LAT_arturs_silgailis
recruit_character = LAT_fricis_celmins
recruit_character = LAT_otto_hellmich
recruit_character = LAT_rudolfs_kocins
recruit_character = LAT_arturs_sprogis
recruit_character = LAT_tomas_spade
recruit_character = LAT_vilis_lacis
recruit_character = LAT_vilhelms_munters
recruit_character = LAT_janis_kaminskis
recruit_character = LAT_fricis_menders
recruit_character = LAT_alberts_kvesis
recruit_character = LAT_karlis_ulmanis



set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_torpedo = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ronis Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = LAT_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}