capital = 617

oob = XIN_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	
}

recruit_character = XIN_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = XIN_chiang_yufen
recruit_character = XIN_kwong_jin
recruit_character = XIN_luo_wei
recruit_character = XIN_liang_jiang
recruit_character = XIN_piotr_orlov
recruit_character = XIN_kwong_tian
recruit_character = XIN_yu_wei
recruit_character = XIN_deng_tian
recruit_character = XIN_xie_peng
recruit_character = XIN_yang_tian
recruit_character = XIN_cheng_fang
recruit_character = XIN_ma_wei
recruit_character = XIN_yol_bars
recruit_character = XIN_gao_jiang
recruit_character = XIN_mao_wu
recruit_character = XIN_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = XIN_tan_ma
recruit_character = XIN_zhang_xiliang
recruit_character = XIN_habibullah_huseinov
recruit_character = XIN_isa_yusuf_alptekin

add_ideas = XIN_foreign_leaders

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}
